Imre rode his horse down the side of his cabbage patch. It was a gambit, the planet E7 was not known for food production, but at least the land was cheap. "I should leave these with the robots to care for, while attending to some errands on other worlds." He rode his horse to the stable he rented it from.
"The horse was good ride, thank you." Imre spoke to the robot attendant, who thanked him and promptly brought the horse
back into the stable. 
Imre opened up the holographic projection system of a small disc shaped
device in his pocket called a foan. He used an app that collected all of 
the coupons of businesses and services from the digital ether called NutBust.
NutBust was named so because it was supposed to reference a squirrel 
collecting nuts for the winter. Using a collection of coupons was called
busting a nut. Imre used collected digital coupons to get a ride in 
a robot-driven car to a local bank.
Once there Imre stepped off of the hovering craft and negotiated with
more robotic tellers to talk to a real human loan officer.

"I see you now have the cabbage patch up and running, but that isn't
quite reaching the rate for you to reach an acceptable debt to income
ratio for further loans."

Imre negotiated. "I want to add a field for cilantro next, perhaps I could
pay towards the principle quicker."

"Well," the banker sat bank and thought, "you're going to have to just get 
that down first. Here's a payment plan that might get you there. 
Are you planning to stay on the dividends or actually become employed full
time again?"

"I will do some gig jobs."

"Alright, well, however you get the money is fine with us." 

"Thank you, I'll be back later." Imre committed himself to finding ways
to get the extra income.

Imre exited the large stone building and ordered another robot driven car.

"To the train station please."

While riding Imre activated the holographic monitor of a small circular 
device in his pocket, his foan. He tried to make a video conference call