e-series planets:
secular governments, variations on neoliberal economic systems, mostly well terraformed for food production
moons: on all planetary systems the moons do most of the manufacturing as the lower gravity requires less energy, portals from moons typically go straight to their parent
planet

building materials: due to larger energy conversion technologies, artifically crafted diamond, ruby, sapphire, and emeralds are all popular building materials. cut stones, 
almost no more wooden housing. 

roads and bridges: usually non existent as everything flies, where roads are today there is a plain of grass like a golf course

There are not large roads across continents like the Interstate highway system since every car flies, coordinates are given and a virtual road is made and the car selfdrives to the destination
as such some special clubs, temples, and personal homes not in large cities are disconnected from eachother for privacy and secrecy. 

internet: with quantum entanglement modems near-instant transfer of information is possible across lightyears

dimension-hopping: done, with some settlements in other dimensions

no spaceships, only portals with differential coordinates for destinations. usually very well regulated and documented

religions: most people professing to believe in one god are Muslims, the majority actually being mystical schools of Shia Islam, not Sunni. Jews still around. Sikhism has
grown to eclipse Hinduism. Zoroastrianism much larger. The majority of those professing to be Christians are actually
unitarians, the LDS (Mormons) being the largest, followed by La Luz del Mundo, Iglesia Ni Cristo, and Jehovah's Witnesses.
Also larger is Unity School of Christianity, and Binitarian denominations such as United Church of God and other Armstrongian varieties. Mormon denominations outside of 
the LDS Salt Lake City branch include the Strangites, who have grown. 

Trinitarian denominations are still around but relatively smaller, the current Pope of the Roman Catholic Church being an adulterous dandy who speaks Ex Cathedra while a prostitute peforms fellatio
on him. He is friends with the protagonist Imre, adding him as an priest despite being an atheist.

Imre and his companion Vera Varga are smugglers of religious tracts in places they are banned. They do this while holding no particular religious belief system. The goods
smuggled are divided by book and language, for example Papal Encyclicals in Arabic, the Quran in Portugeuse, and JW Watchtower in Afrikaans, et cetera.

While many planets have been colonized and people are born there, most humans attend k-12 education on Earth and posess multiple citizenships, many people forgetting all of the 
citizenships they have. Imre has a Master's Degree in Engineering from the University of San Marino, himself being a citizen. He owns a small stone house in Turin, Italy where 
his wife teaches humanities at the University of Turin, specializing in oil-age (our current age) philosophy. Both San Marino and Turin metro areas have over 10 million people each.

the main plot is that some planets were dedicated to
genetic modification of humans, creating super humans with 
large heads (think of a cross between the Nihilanth from Half-Life
and the Coneheads movie), these humans then created beautiful 
humans genetically designed to be dimwitted and obedient and thus
made into a subservient slave class

Imre and Varga discuss whether these GMO humans have the full suite of
human rights, knowing fullwell they are indeed different from 
regular homo sapiens.

zizek statues are usually placed in toilets

with flying circular craft that cancel inertia people stand or sit facing eachother over green fields and rivers since roads and bridges are no longer needed.
