	Religion was the original wiki and media franchises. However it should not be about enjoying these things like a media franchise does. Douglass Englebart’s dream of computers was what we have in Wikis, effectively very large books of information so ephemeral and/or useless that it can only exist in cheap digital form rather than published books. Gazing upon a list of the largest Wikis on the internet, I am fascinated to see that small subjects like Yu-Gi-Oh, Marvel Universe, or Pokemon are larger than wikis that are dedicated to entire languages (general encyclopedias) or religions. The Hebrew langauge Judaism Wiki does not even has as many pages as the Yu-Gi-Oh Wiki. What will be the fate of these bodies? That is what every body of knowledge, and it’s accompanying Ekklesia is like, it is the same and does the same thing for people. Can a media last longer than the language used to make it? Perhaps. The original language will have to become a subject of study as was for Biblical Hebrew. The Wikis are an Ekklesia of information. As in history, different Ekklesias make different claims to reality and values, they each begin with a Text Seed, and then commentary, and then vocabulary borrowed for other branches of philosophy and inquiry (mass, primate, transubstance, were words taken from religion to science). In the West we have the bible and principle philosophers and theologians, Arabic has Quran, and so forth. Bodies of language build off of the seed, whether they are for it or against it. A single human life can be defined as what information you were for, what were you against (deletion), and what were you indifferent about. What songs did you actually buy, or what did you not buy?  I would like to take the time to mention the importance of microbiology, not informatics for the future of the world economy and future well being of humanity (possibly) which comes from the probiotics movement. This method requires filling your houses and workplaces with bacteria that have evolved to eat our waste and help us symbiotically. Those are also bodies of information (DNA strings) that we all act as an Ekklesia for without even knowing it. 
